help/threads.md, before:

Titi can show a list of all your tracked threads and who last responded to each thread. If the last reply isn't from you or one of your muses (`/tt_help muses`), the name is shown in bold to indicate it's awaiting a reply.

Thread tracking commands will present a list of accessible channels/threads for you to pick from. If you don't see the thread you're looking for, make sure it is not archived by reopening the thread or replying to it once.

Parameters in _`italics`_ are optional.

## Add/Remove Threads

> **`/tt_track`** `thread` _`category`_ - Track new threads, optionally with a category.
> **`/tt_untrack thread`** `thread` - Remove a tracked thread from your list.
> **`/tt_untrack category`** `name` - Remove all tracked threads in the given categories. Use `all` as the category to untrack everything.

### Change Categories

> **`/tt_category`** `thread` `category` - Change the category of already-tracked threads. Use `unset` or `none` as the category to remove the category.

### List Threads

> **`/tt_threads`** _`categories`_ _`sort`_ — List tracked threads and to do-list items. Optionally, provide categories to filter the list and a sort order.
> **`/tt_replies`** _`categories`_ _`sort`_ — List tracked threads which are awaiting your reply. Optionally, provide categories to filter the list and a sort order.
> **`/tt_random`** _`category`_ — Find a random tracked thread that you don't have the last reply in. Optionally, provide a category to filter the choices.

### Watchers

> **`/tt_watch`** _`categories`_ — Similar to `tt_threads`, but also periodically edits the message to update the generated list.
> **`/tt_unwatch`** `URL` — Link a watched message to delete it and stop watching.
> **`/tt_watching`** - List currently active watchers.

### Notifications

> **`/tt_notify on`** - Turn on DM notifications for replies to your threads. Works similar to `/tt_replies`; you won't be notified for your own or your muses' responses to a thread.
> **`/tt_notify off`** - Turn off DM notifications for replies to your threads.

Commit message:

:memo: Add help doc for timestamps commands

help/threads.md, after:

Titi can show a list of all your tracked threads and who last responded to each thread. If the last reply isn't from you or one of your muses (`/tt_help muses`), the name is shown in bold to indicate it's awaiting a reply.

Thread tracking commands will present a list of accessible channels/threads for you to pick from. If you don't see the thread you're looking for, make sure it is not archived by reopening the thread or replying to it once.

Parameters in _`italics`_ are optional.

## Threads

### Add/Remove Threads

> **`/tt_track`** `thread` _`category`_ - Track new threads, optionally with a category.
> **`/tt_untrack thread`** `thread` - Remove a tracked thread from your list.
> **`/tt_untrack category`** `name` - Remove all tracked threads in the given categories. Use `all` as the category to untrack everything.

### Change Categories

> **`/tt_category`** `thread` `category` - Change the category of already-tracked threads. Use `unset` or `none` as the category to remove the category.

### List Threads

> **`/tt_threads`** _`categories`_ _`sort`_ — List tracked threads and to do-list items. Optionally, provide categories to filter the list and a sort order.
> **`/tt_replies`** _`categories`_ _`sort`_ — List tracked threads which are awaiting your reply. Optionally, provide categories to filter the list and a sort order.
> **`/tt_random`** _`category`_ — Find a random tracked thread that you don't have the last reply in. Optionally, provide a category to filter the choices.

### Timestamps

Titi can optionally show the timestamp of the most recent reply in a given thread. Use these commands to toggle that behaviour.

> **`/tt_timestamps on`** - Enable showing timestamps
> **`/tt_timestamps off`** - Disable showing timestamps

## Watchers

> **`/tt_watch`** _`categories`_ — Similar to `tt_threads`, but also periodically edits the message to update the generated list.
> **`/tt_unwatch`** `URL` — Link a watched message to delete it and stop watching.
> **`/tt_watching`** - List currently active watchers.


## Notifications

> **`/tt_notify on`** - Turn on DM notifications for replies to your threads. Works similar to `/tt_replies`; you won't be notified for your own or your muses' responses to a thread.
> **`/tt_notify off`** - Turn off DM notifications for replies to your threads.
